NCSA Website Review 
## By AJ Genovesi
### May 14,2021
[NCSA Website]( https://www.ncsasports.org/recruiting/how-to-get-recruited/college-recruiting-process)

Webiste Overview and Reccomendations 

  This website aims to help high school students get recruited to colleges across the United States of America. One problem I saw with this website was it did not offer anything to student athletes that were not picked by D1 programs. This would give students that didn’t receive scholarships an added opportunity to continue their sports career. By offering something such no added membership fees that would make it more inclusive for everyone. It would also act as a networking space where schools and players could contact each other.
 
  Being recruited by a school to play a sport isn't something that happens to everyone. There are many athletes that participate in athletics in high school but don't catch the eye of a recruiter so they don't have a chance at getting an athletic scholarship. The current recruitment process is difficult to get involved in and many athletes that would have liked to play in college don't get an opportunity to prove their worth. 

  You should make benefits for athletes include opportunities for exposure for those who cannot afford to go to showcases or camps to get recruited. There are nearly 1300 schools out there that are actively recruiting athletes and many athletes are only aware of a fraction of them. They are unaware of the other possibilities that may be available to them at different schools,this website gives them a chance to connect with coaches they did not know about. It allows them to attend a school they want without giving up on doing what they love. Benefits for coaches and colleges include being able to see a list of all the available athletes so they can figure out who to target and who they shouldn't.

  Technology is changing the industry but it still remains somewhat exclusive and shrouded. Your business should aim to tackle the college sports industry from the perspective of the social media industry. Unlike other recruiting services, your company should be less of an application process and more of a social media website. This will extend your reach into two industries and allows you to capitalize on aspects of both. There is an infinite supply of high school athletes that are hoping to play in college and the social media industry is growing incredibly fast. In 2018 the number of social media users grew 13% to 3.196 billion. The majority of high school athletes are constantly using social media so another social site made specifically for them would attract many users. Some limitations of this product are that recruiters may not be sold on an athlete solely through what they see online. The recruiters can only see what the athletes post so they may still want to see them play in person. A profile page doesn't give the same person to person feeling that a recruiter gets when they have a conversation with the athlete. A limitation for the athletes is that they don't get a choice of which schools are able to view them, unless they are part of the paid membership. Every school can see every athlete and vice versa. The athlete doesn't have to talk to a school if they don't want to but they can't remove themselves from certain schools lists. Another limitation is that it cuts high school coaches out of the process completely because the athletes can run the page on their own. 

  Your website should aim to make strides to simplify the recruiting process for high school athletes. By making the recruitment process as simple and user friendly as possible, allowing the modern athlete to find the school for him or her. Hopefully your business can make significant strides towards helping high school athletes gain opportunities that they wouldn’t have received otherwise. It’s important to be aware that high school students are under a lot of stress academically throughout this time. 

  You should add a section where the athlete will have a profile and there they can upload stats, comparisons, pictures, highlight clips as well as anything you want to let the schools know. Coaches and schools can have their own profile too where they can look at potential prospects. An athletes page would also have a section showing schools that they’re interested in allowing coaches to see players that are interested in their programs. This would promote no exclusion so we made sure there were resources to help international students come to American schools to play sports. Also provided is a messaging service that allows programs to reach out to athletes through text, voice, and video chats. equal support for eSports athletes and recruiters. eSports is usually seen as a secondary concern but it is becoming much more relevant. It's important to give these athletes a space to push that career forward because eSports athletes aren't seen the same as traditional athletes and having their sport considered equal to others by the platform will hopefully give them plenty of exposure. With new additions to your website such as this one I believe your company would excel. 

